MTM-45799 add generic information about inventory roles improvements for 10.14 (#637)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-permissions.md

To help troubleshooting permissions, click the **User** button (showing the current user name) at the right of the top bar. From the context menu, select **Access denied requests**. In the resulting window details on the denied accesses are provided. An administrator user or the [product support](/welcome/contacting-support/) can help in fixing the permissions.

> ### Performance improvements

Reviewer: @jkot-softwareag Same here. I don´t think that is makes sense to add this section to the documentation. Stating performance improvements in the release notes is the right place. It is of no value for users here.

Author: I will push here changes similar to https://github.com/SoftwareAG/c8y-docs/pull/636 in single commit.

Starting with version 10.13 of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, several improvements have been implemented for users with inventory roles access.
In earlier versions responses were slow for tenants with large inventory hierarchies.
The following UI pages have an improved performance after updating to version {{< c8y-current-version >}}:
* In the [device details view](/users-guide/device-management/#device-details), the tabs **Info**, **Measurements**, **Alarms**, **Events**.
* Pages displaying lists of inventory objects, such as [All devices](/users-guide/device-management/#viewing-devices).
* Pages with aggregated alarm views from multiple devices, if the number of alarms in the system is low, for example, [Cockpit > Home dashboard](/users-guide/cockpit/#home-dashboard), Cockpit > Alarms and Device Management > Home.
* Pages with aggregated events from multiple devices, if the number of events is low, for example, [Device Management > Overviews > Events](/users-guide/device-management/#to-view-events).

> New approach is disabled by default and needs to be switched on the tenant level using tenant option (see the Release notes for details).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The improvements are disabled by default in version {{< c8y-current-version >}}. Activate them on the tenant level by using the tenant option. See the relevant [release notes entry]() for details.
```
suggestion is incomplete. Also, I think we should add the explanation here as well then, since it's rather the other way around - release notes will link to the detailed explanation, not vice versa.

Author: But this switch via tenant option is same as in 10.13, and we can only link to previous Release Notes, since 10.14 RN will not mention it. https://cumulocity.com/releasenotes/release-10-13-0/whatsnew-10-13-0/ this is mentioned in the other PR, for 10.13:
https://github.com/SoftwareAG/c8y-docs/pull/636. 
I think we should not mention tenant option here in the documentation, since this part is on the different level of abstracion.

Reviewer 2: alright then. updated the suggestion with an anchor for the subsection

Author: commited :+1:

To help troubleshooting permissions, click the **User** button (showing the current user name) at the right of the top bar. From the context menu, select **Access denied requests**. In the resulting window details on the denied accesses are provided. An administrator user or the [product support](/welcome/contacting-support/) can help in fixing the permissions.

### Improving the performance

As an administrator, you can optimize the UI performance for users with inventory roles access and particularly speed up requests for tenants with large inventory hierarchies.

This performance feature can be enabled:
- on platform level via the configuration file (only available for platform administrators, see the *{{< product-c8y-iot >}} - Operations guide* for details).
- on tenant level via a tenant option. The tenant option has 2 possible values: LEGACY/OPTIMIZED, where LEGACY is the global default.

> The option looks like the following in the REST API (see also the [{{< openapi >}}](https://cumulocity.com/api/10.13.0/#operation/postOptionCollectionResource)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option looks like the following in the REST API (see also the [{{< openapi >}}](https://cumulocity.com/api/10.14.0/#operation/postOptionCollectionResource)):
```
